---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---
Our midterm is now behind us! And it was not exactly what I was expecting it to be. When I took his SWE course two summers ago, I could have sworn that there was a multiple choice section and then a coding section. Maybe I was wrong, maybe he changed to just code, or maybe things are different with OOP. But that doesn't matter anymore.

I walked out of the exam questioning a lot of the implementations I wrote down, not having confidence in the choices I made. Sure enough, after speaking to a few students after the exam, they confirmed I should have done things differently. But nonetheless, I think that the overall point is to reflect the fact that you're having an understanding for the concepts taught to us. Whether I forgot a detail or two, I don't think that will hurt me too much.

Dr. Downing gave us a huge list of concepts we should be familiar with. Given that list, I did everything in my power to try to understand every single detail of each thing. I did this by going over his code in the schedule, my class notes, as well as online references. But when the exam was handed out, it was nothing what I expected. He wanted full blown implementations, from start to finish, which is fine, but given the list of things he wanted us to be comfortable with, it felt like studying was a an overshot. After thinking about it a bit, however, it made perfect sense for us to overshoot in studying baby details in preparation for big implementations. There's layers to this stuff, and it's important to start at the foundation level.

Within the days leading up to the exam, I learned so much on my own, the way it should be in a course like this where so much is being taught to us at once. I went from being completely confused on iterators in class to becoming an iterator guru. (Not, really.) Enough to know what he wanted us to know, and I feel like I achieved this after walking out of the exam. Go ahead...ask me about iterators. I'll direct you to the perfect online source.

While I still don't know what my exam grade will be, stressing over what could have been isn't going to change the outcome. So now my focus will be on our next project, Allocator, which Dr. Downing decided to wait until after the exam to assign. I thought that was cool.

After spending so much time studying and getting a full grasp on concepts on my own, this leads me to my tip of the week: [The very first comment Dr. Downing wrote down from Hello.c++](http://www.cplusplus.com/), which is probably the most powerful tool I've used in learning what I couldn't get in class. All along, what we should be doing, and what I think some of us already are doing, is using that site right after lecture and make sure you know what's going on! I guess because at the beginning of the class, concepts weren’t complicated enough for me to this. But now that things have picked up, I'm pretty confident this website and I will become really good friends for the remaining of the semester. Being able to read code documentation like this or like the one Oracle provides for Java should be something every programmer should be able to do. The information doesn't get any more spoon fed than that! Use your resources, ladies and gentlemen.
