---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

This week, things began to become a bit over whelming for me. Dr. Downing has now presented the concept of a pointer and a reference. with my experience learning C, I was never a fan of these concepts because I never fully understood them, nor was I good at them. So when I finally decided to take OOP, I knew that if I was going to ever fully understand them, it would be in this course. We went over using them as variables, arguments, and as return values. Everything seemed straight forward with the many examples he showed us. However, practicing these in the lab on my own would be the best way for this to stick.

We have also begun our second programming assignment of the course, Voting. Dr. Downing highly encourages pair programming, and has even decided to give us extra credit if we choose to work on this in pairs. Wow. Not too often when one can run into a win-win like that in this field. But apparently, many people hate working with others. Which in some circumstances, I understand that. But in a CS course, it's like Christmas to me. 

I got paired up with Jonathon Chu, and we immediately felt the difference working in pairs. On our very first day working together, we surprisingly got the naive solution for Voting working within just a few hours, when we thought it would take us a couple of days. Heck, if I was doing it alone it would have probably taken me a week! Just as Dr. Downing mentioned, it's the little things like catching small bugs and being able to come up with algorithms that bounce off of each other that's the biggest benefit. Even catching something like a missed closed bracket or a semicolon accumulates to a large amount of saved time. I love it. This week we will start implementing object oriented object to, of course, make things faster and most definitely cleaner.

Tip of the Week: (http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-09-15/hewlett-packard-to-cut-up-to-30-000-more-jobs-in-restructuring?trk=pulse-det-art_view_ext)

Since the CNS Career Fair is tomorrow, I wanted to share this link. I do believe that studying and working in the tech industry is one of the best decisions one can make to avoid the fear of not finding a job after college. In another article I read, the UK is already starting to incorporate some forms of coding into the curriculum of students in elementary school, which is mind-boggling on many levels. However, just because you are working for a tech company, that doesn't mean you are safe. This article attacks the fact that hardware companies are taking hits to employment. The article is about HP cutting 33,000 jobs, which is about 85,000 jobs in the last ten years.

I think this is important because since the career fair is tomorrow, you should also consider how the company itself is doing and where it's headed in the future, rather than letting a company name like "HP" or "IBM" quickly draw your fullest efforts to try to get employed. I'm not saying don't talk to this companies. That's dumb. I'm just saying, thing about the future. As mentioned in the link, "There is no growth in a shrinking company."
