---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

Hello, world! This is my very first blog entry for CS 371P: Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) taught by Professor Glenn Downing.

First order of business, due to out-of-the-classroom issues and responsibilities, I am writing this Week 1 post in the middle of week 3. I don't expect Professor Downing to have any mercy on me. However, I have decided to still attempt this blog just for the experience with Github Pages and Jekyll (which I'm not entirely sure I'm pronouncing it correctly). I may not get credit but I will have new knowledge of these cool new tools.

Within the first week in OOP as Professor Downing as the lecturer, it was exactly what I expected it to be. I took his CS 373: Software Engineering in the Summer of 2013, and it was by far the class I have gained the most exposure to real world type experiences. I went into that course without knowing absolutely anything other than Java and a little bit of C. I walked out of that course being exposed to Python, XML, Django framework, Heroku platform, documentation with pydoc, unittest for Python, and of course, Github. I gained the experience of working in a team of six programmers and seeing how we can all work on different things for the exact same project; real world type of experiences!

I remember that in the very first day of class that summer, Professor Downing slapped us around a bit for taking summer school rather than having an internship. Yet, I regretted nothing because I felt that course was pretty darn close to being at an internship getting some real world exposure.

He does his best to make sure we get maximum benefit from everything he throws our way. I was extremely overwhelmed with that course, but it has very worth it at the end. With that being said, I knew going into his OOP course, it would be the same amount of new exposures and anxiety. He has adoped the use of Top Hat, and will expose us to Google Test, gcov, Travis CI, and Doxygen; all new things to me. As stressed out as this course will probably make me, I can't wait to add those tools to my resume. He also uses this technique where he calls on students to answer questions on what we're going over, which I think is very effective because it causes students to stay focused and insures that you know what's happening. The con about that is that if you're a snoozer, you will be exposed. So don't be that person.

Overall what I'm trying to get at is that as afraid as I am of this class, I'm also just as excited to know that I'm going to get so much out of it.

Tip of the week: [CNS Career Fair](https://cns.utexas.edu/career-services/career-events/career-fairs/)

I agree completely with Professor Downing about having a summer internship under your belt during our time here in college. I was very close in taking his CS n378: Generic Programming & The STL course over this past summer. However, I ended up going to the Bay Area to intern for Workday, Inc., which I think Professor Downing would be much more proud of than taking his STL course. I hope. But yes, the real world environment was phenomenal. And I feel so much better and less embarrassed to share my resume to big time companies because of these experiences. I wish that for everybody. So I strongly encourage everybody to go to the career fair and get an internship under your belt.
