---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---
This week, we went over the specs of the fourth project of the semester, Darwin. I've only gotten to meet with my partner once since the project got assigned so I haven't been able to really get into the zone of cracking my head but just by listening to what is required of us, it seems like this is going to be a very fun, but challenging project to work on.

In class, we had our fourth guest speaker, Conrad Stroll from Mutual Mobile. Mutual Mobile is a very young company, just being founded in 2009. They are also headquartered here in Austin, Texas, so that's one of my biggest attractions about them which will cause me to follow up with them further.

Finally, Dr. Downing introduced the concept of overloading class methods. He did this by implementing the Stack class. The key to overloading functions is detected by the compiler by the differences in method signatures. For example, the addition of a 'const' to the top() method allows for read only variables to call the method as well.

Tip of The Week: [Cloud Wars: Oracle Strikes Back](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/cloud-wars-oracle-strikes-back-jon-fortt)
I actually don't think this is an interesting article at all. But the reason that I'm posting about it is because, absolutely everything about it made sense to me. However, had I read this article back in May, I would have not known absolutely anything about it or this concept of a cloud and databases. I owe this huge gain of knowledge to the internship that I was so blessed to come upon at Workday, Inc, in California who happens to be an Oracle competitor. I can read this article and I can relate and engage! I don't feel stupid trying to read something and acting like I know what they're talking about within their notion of old vs. new database infrastructure and how this is a huge issue for a company like Oracle. It's a HUGE deal. I wouldn't have cared back in May. My overall rant about this is GET AN INTERNSHIP. There's a reason why Dr. Downing tries to shove this idea down our throat and it makes perfect sense.
