---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---
This week was a HUGE step up into the course. A lot happened. On monday, we had the CNS Career Fair, which Dr. Downing said, "You should move heaven and earth to get an internship next summer. Even if you absolutely can't work next summer you should absolutely still go to the fair. Look around. Listen. Learn."

However, even though class was during the career fair, he still chose to take attendance and give out a quiz. Hahaha. Pick your poison. But seriously, the attendance and quiz don't matter compared to trying to get that internship. Especially when he drops several quizzes. Also, going to class first and then the career fair straight after was an option but I decided to maximize my time at the fair.

However, I really felt the pain of missing Monday's lecture on Friday. I was COMPLETELY lost. He had introduced the concept of template <typename II, typename OI>, along with the five levels of iterators. Boy, was I lucky that he didn't call on my name or else I would have been Downing's BBQ. It's crazy how much material one misses from just one of Dr. Downing's lectures. But I do feel that this was a very big new concept that I missed out on. You better believe that when this happens, you better go to office hours or self-teach yourself ASAP because as the lectures go on, the previous concepts just continue to stack up on each other. Moral of the story, DON'T FALL BEHIND!!! That can be the tip of the week.

The reason I felt the pain of missing Monday's lecture on Friday, rather than Wednesday, is because we had a guest speaker, Alex Menzies, from JPL, come speak to us. I absolutely loved this presentation. I'm not too familiar with NASA banches but what what he and JPL do is amazing stuff! While I don't have the brains to get hired from such an awesome company like that, I do plan on taking a shot and embarrasing myself. Who knwows, I may hit the lottery.

Lastly, Voting was due. Wow, did my partner and I had a crazy roller coaster of emotions with this one. After feeling really good about having a completed naive solution, we got a bit too comfortable. Aside from wanting to focus on career fair, we also had a week full of exams and projects outside of OOP that made working on this project more consistently more difficult. So we ended up having a really long and painful night of catching up to do the night before the due date. And the day of, we turned in the google form at 9:59pm while our hands were shaking witha anxiety. It was NOT fun. What could we have done better to not have been in that situation, honestly, nothing. We could have made sacrifices with other responsibilities to make sure this once went well without so much stress, but that's not how college works, unfortunately. Just know that when you're registering for courses, don't overkill yourself and balance it all out. While we still wait for our grade on that project, I just keep my fingers crossed that all the last minute stresses didn't hurt us.

I gave a couple of tips earlier based on learning experiences during this week but here's a real link that I wanted to share: [160 Characters] (https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/160-characters-craig-shapiro)

Remember when text messages cost 10 cents each to send/receive? I just really enjoy looking through the history of technology that I personally witnessed in my lifetime. It can be a bit depressing too, though. But that's not the point. Haha.
