---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

Once again, I'm writing this blog entry for week 2 in the middle of week 3. Due to overcommitments, I wasn't able to start this blogging process until now. Again, I don't expect any credit for it, but I'm still doing it for the experience. I find this to be pretty fun and relaxing! Keeping track on how we feel on a weekly basis can be great for reflection. Also, reading other student's blog entries and seeing how they feel can help someone like me, who is always feeling like I'm the lost one.

Week 2 was all about Collatz and very minimal C++, which I'm happy about. With my experience with C, C++ scares me, which is why I delayed taking this course until now, when I felt I was ready to take on the challenge. But Professor Downing spent a lot of time making sure we understood the specs of Collatz. I think this is only because it's the first programming assignment of the course, and the main purpose is to get us familiar with GitHub, Sphere, Travis CI, and testing. Since we'll be more familiar with these tools, I think Professor Downing won't be as nice and helpful for the programming assignments that follow Collatz.

We have also started reading papers and chapters from our textbook. I really enjoyed reading the papers, however the textbook material is a bit hard to keep up with since it's so much. What I may start doing is starting to take notes as I read the chapters. The papers were very interesting. They gave us advice on things we all should already know, yet never think about or even do. So being reminded of such things was nice. But somehow I ended up missing the Top Hat question on the quiz!! I couldn't remember which author wrote what and picked an answer that another author wrote. So little details like that seem to be important to Professor Downing. I guess it's always best to know who the author is of every article we read; its respectful.

I'm pretty upset with myself that I didn't take advantage of the 3-day weekend to get started on Collatz. Since I was in the Bay Area over the summer, after I came back 3 weeks ago, the commitments and responsibilities have taken a big toll on me and have made me start off on the wrong foot to a semester I had better expectations of myself. I haven't even finished unpacking! But slowly but surely, things are falling back into place and I'm shifting to higher gears.

This leads me to my tips of the week, which aren't exactly relevant to software development as requested by Professor Downing, but I think they're still helpful to succeed overall. I have two tips so maybe that will make up for it. First, get a physical planner/agenda and write down absolutely everything that you have going on. From school assignments, work, organizational events, appointments, etc. I have used this technique for years and it has been very effective. Using the calendar on my phone just doesn't feel the same. You can see what your entire week looks like in one view, and its a great checklist. The issue I have had these last three weeks is that I overlapped responsibilities that were beyond my control. And even though I had to make sacrifices, it still made me be as productive as possible. My second tip is from what I said above: take notes of what you're reading. Some people are blessed to where they can read something as informational as our textbook for the class one time and they can soak it up like a sponge. But then there are people like me, who have to read something three times to understand what is being asked or said. Taking notes helps you retain the information better, and it's great for going back and reiterating through them to remember what you read.
