---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---
This week, our Allocator programming assignment was due. Shockingly, my partner and I finished the project with 8 hours to spear. I'm always so used to busting my butt until the very last minute, whether the project was started early or not.

Hopefully we met all the required criteria. My partner guessed that it would take eight hours to complete. In my opinion, that didn't seem long enough, but after getting the project started, he somehow reassurred be that it wasn't that hard of a project. Well, after finally finishing at 17 hours after the start, things made a lot more sense.

The thing about the programming assignments that Dr. Downing gives us, it requires you to ask many many questions, and ultimiately, use Piazza in order for us, students, to come together and figure this out. We do work in pairs of two (or one, if you want to be that person), but in reality, not many of us can do it without the support we get from each other on Piazza. Looking at other people's opinions and public tests only makes our programs better than if we were to just turn in a program that checks off specs. It's very time consuming, but the reward of having a better built program is what prepares us for real world progamming scenerios.

I have worked with two different students this semester in this class, and I have gained a lot of knowledge from each one of them, and I hope that they can both say the same about me. I also like the idea that Dr. Dowining makes us partner up with different people each time. I get to meet different individuals, crack out of my comfort zone, and expand my network as well. Of course, the downfall of having a new partner for each project is hoping you don't get end up getting paired up with someone who is lazy and not willing to put the time in to learn. In a major like CS, there isn't too much room to try to "get by" because of courses are tough as OOP.

That's enough about the project. As far as lecturing goes, we spent all week implementing our own array, as a class. What was interesting is that he first used Vector.c++ to show the capabitlites of the vector class we were supposed to built, and from those capabilities, derive the features it should have, which included things like method names like zize(), a defined index, default values, and an iterator with a begin() and an end().

Our first implementation used new, delete, and fill(). What wasn't likeable about this approach is that it would need to run two linear sequences. The first one, to call the contructor, T(), s times, and the second one to give it an assignment using fill(), which uses the =T() operator.

To fix this, our second implementation a self-implemented fill() that also took in the value to be stored into the newly constucted T(). This made T(T) be called in just one linear sequence. It also used new features introduced by Dr. Downing, such as "explicit" and "friend," which are two concepts that I'm still trying to grasp my mind around. This second implementation not only causes us to go through one linear sequence, but it also avoids using new and delete, and lets the allocator handle that.

Dr. Downing has already put out the specs for our 4th programming assignment, Darwin. So that will be the next task at hand.

Tip of The Week: [What a time to be alive and studying in the tech industry.](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/heres-how-tech-proof-your-career-bernard-marr)
