---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---
What a bitter/sweet this week was. But more bitter than sweet. It was sweet because we received our grades back for our third project, Allocator, and I received a 70/70; something I wasn't able to achieve in the first two projects. This feeling of accomplishment was quickly diminished with how things went with our fourth project, Darwin. Besides having horribly conflicting schedules for us to have time to meet up, we found ourselves pretty stunned by what we were required to do. Well, very long story short, we ended up turning in a project that wasn't completed, and even worse, didn't work the way we wanted it to. To start the depressing weekend, all we could do is keep our fingers crossed and hope for any partial credit.

Lets quickly move away from that very depressing topic, which I hope to never have to speak about again. During lectures this week, Dr. Downing continued with teaching us about function overloading. He did this by exploiting the flaws that come with the free copy and assignment constructors for vectors. Due to the nature that vectors deal with pointers underneath the hood, we can find ourselves easily running into segmentation faults. Then we wrote our own vector class that goes around these issues.

We also began to talk about inheritance. We started by talking about a few differences between Java and C++ in reference to the private/public/protected key words as well as the difference between static and dynamic binding. Sometimes, it feels like Java gets it right and C++, and other times, it feels like the opposite. I don't even know which language is my preference anymore.

Tip of the week: Start early on your projects :( (see above)
Looking for an actual article? [Programmers: Stop Calling Yourselves Engineers](http://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2015/11/programmers-should-not-call-themselves-engineers/414271/?trk=pulse-det-art_view_ext). I've always thought about this in my head. It's a very self-opinioated article. Apparently people's feelings get hurt. Tomato, tomato. Just a read that caught my attention out of personal interest.
