---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---
After sacraficing time last week to prepare as much as possible for our midterm, I pretty much played catch-up in my other courses, causing me to put OOP back at the end of my priority queue.

Aside from the new programming assignment that Dr. Downing assigned, Allocator, this week he introduced the concept of Policy Pattern. The Allocator programming assignment intitles this concept by understanding the default constructor, copy constructor, assignment operator, and destructor. He further dissected his Arrays.c++ file where he used struct to show us these C++ works.

He also went over function defaults, which really caught my attenion. This was someting that he also showed us when I took his SWE course in Python. I believed that this was a feature only Python can do. This amazes me because this capability shows many things, such as, how powerful C++ is, how C++ can be seen as a mixture of C and Python, and how it CONTINUES to have advantages over Java.

I said in a previous course over another concept how C++ seems like a mixture of C and Java. But now, this makes it seem like C++ is just a do-it-all programming language. This like map() and reduce() and lambda's in Python were things I thought were just exclusive to a language such as Python. But here we are in C++ with accumalate() and all_of() and copy() and fil() and all these simple, but powerful algorithms.

I can't emphasize enough how afraid I was of taking this course because of my fear of pointers and how much I hated C. However, although I'm not a pointer expert, C++ has really started to grow on me.

Now back to the project, since I put OOP at the back burner for the week to catch up in other courses, my partner and I didn't start Allocator until yesterday. And as to no surprise, we were beyond confused as to what we had to do. To add on to that, we are starting a week late. I did the responsible thing and caught up with my other courses but now its about OOP again. Time management has been the theme of my college life. I think my partner and I will be okay, though.

Tip of the week: 
