---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---
This week, we continued to press on the idea of different types of iterators, as well as get introduced to three ideas that I had learned in Dr. Downing's Software Engineering course, which are lambdas, transform(), and accumulate(), which are map() and reduce() in python.

I haven't taken his SWE course in two years, so it wasn't something that I remembered immediately, but I did remember them being very powerful features.

I really enjoyed this week because as uncomfortable as I still feel with the notion of pointers and the STL, I like how Dr. Downing has in a way made it feel like C++ is a bit of java mixed with python. Being able to pass functions as parameters and pass values by reference rather than value serves a great demand to get things done.

And as part of going over iterators, we learned the syntax of overloading operators and how this is necessary to define the different types of iterators.

With what we have learned so far in class, I have not been disappointed in amount of knowledge Dr. Downing has thrown our way. But with that being said, I am feeling pretty scared of his exam coming up this week. He has given us a list of things that we should know for the exam and has allowed us to use a "cheat sheet" for the exam. The benefit of a cheat sheet is simply being able to study material as we type it out. I really doubt that I will even use it for the exam very much.

Time management with other responsibility will be my most important task this week and be able to study productively and take advantage of office hours and study sessions. 

Tip of the week: [Don't become a programmer like me] (https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/dont-become-programmer-like-me-preethi-kasireddy)

With all the issues always surrounding us, gender inequality is a big one. And connecting that issue to software development is, in my opinion, one of the biggest ones. But as the article points out, these aren't always so obvious happenings or done purposely. I liked this article because it points out a few examples in how these things happen without it being explicit or on purpose. Chase your dream.
