---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---
The dark nightmare hole that my partner and I got ourselves into for Darwin became even deeper. There's no such thing as partial credit for an incomplete project under the eyes of Dr. Downing. What a huge hit this will be to my grade :( I can express sadness and anger about this matter for this entire post. But the correct thing to do is to swallow that thick pill and move on! Unfortunately, things continue to get worse for me. Since I didn't practice what I was trying to preach in my last post, it seems I have ended up with having no partner for this last project. After doing horrible on the last project, things aren't looking very good for me.

Speaking of this last project, this week, Dr. Downing introduced the fifth, and final programming assignment of the semester, called Life. Again, initially it seems like it would be something very fun to work on. However, it seems like a a more difficult spin off from Darwin. Which means I'm shaking in my boots. My best bet right now is to go to a lot of office hours and study sessions and not care about absolutely any other class or assignment so I can focus on this after catching that zero on the last project.

This week we also had our last out of five guest speakers, Steve Ronderos from Atlassian. I first about this company over the summer during my time with Workday, Inc. They were users of Atlassian software JIRA, Confluence, Bamboo, FishEye, and Crucible. So having the company that built these software’s was very cool for me. I also learned that they have an office here in Austin even though they are HQ'd overseas. So very similarly to Mutual Mobile, I do plan on following up with them.

In class, we continued to talk more about inheritance. We learned to go around the static binding issues caused in C++, there is a magical keyword, 'virtual' that fixes that. We also learned about methods and functions being "in line."

Tip of the week: [Apply at Google!](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/google-doesnt-really-care-anymore-where-you-went-school-fairchild). I know I am after reading this article. I'm someone who believes the cup is half empty at all times. I wouldn't ever feel good enough for companies this big. But I guess I'll never know until i try, right?
