In my third week in OOP, I have already begun to experience a wide array of emotions towards the class. What I thought would take me 10 hours to finish, I ended up taking 21.5 hours to do. And due to little carelessness that caused major backtracking issues for me, I decided to take a late say in Collatz just to perfect all of the requirements. I was definitely not happy about taking a late day on the very first project. It leaves a very bad impression. Not just to the professor and to the graders but also on myself. We had such a long time to do Collatz and I still didn't manage to complete it on time. However, if I was going to turn it in late, at least I knew that it was perfected with all requirements met and I know it was written to the best of my abilities.
Also, while I find that most piazza posts are written way ahead of the time I come across the issue myself and at the moment, they seem unnecessary to read until my time comes, piazza was a HUGE help in my success. Students asked very great questions that I had myself and ran into the same issues as me. So by the time came that I was in their shoes, someone had already helped resolve the issue, which was useful to me.
A goal I have set myself now is be able to have the confidence to post my own question on piazza without feeling like it’s a dumb question. People always say "there are no such things as dumb questions." Yes, there is. And it's only me who asks those.
I also spend WAY too much time trying to figure out why the avatar on my blog won't meet the size spec that Dr. Downing has asked of us. The pixel dimensions are correct but I can' get it to render to the right size. I promise you that I've spend hours trying different things and reading different sources, even getting on other's Github repos and see what they did to make it large and I still can't figure out why mine is acting ridiculous. This may be my first question on piazza. But again, it seems stupid. Even too stupid to take into office hours but that's probably what I'll end up doing.
I really enjoyed the Bloomberg speaker. I interned with Workday, Inc over the summer, and being familiar with some of the software he mentioned as well as knowing what it's like to use propriety tools kept me engaged and I felt like I wasn't completely lost in the things he was telling us. This gives me so much more confidence in the career fair coming up, and I will look more into Bloomberg. I also look forward in hearing from the rest of the guest speakers Dr. Downing has in store for us.
Tip of the week: don't be afraid to temporary add your own code to the files that Dr. Downing provides us. For example, while working on Collatz, I would be annoying with repeating "make clean" and "make test" after each increment to my code. So I made my own entry to the make file where it would do both from one call. It's what makefile's are for!!!
