---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---
This was a really great rebound week for me in OOP after the tragic week before that with Darwin. Watching my class ranking dropped substantially will forever haunt me. On the final project, Life, things went extremely well. Not initially, however. I was on a stalemate when I couldn’t find a partner and I thought I was going to have to work on the project by myself. There was one other student I could find at the moment, but it was someone who I had already worked with so I didn't think that would be possible. After him and I spoke, he decided to email Dr. Downing and inform him of the situation we were in. Dr. Downing was nice enough to allow an exception and let us work with someone we had already worked with in a previous project. What a relief. After pulling our hair out a bit, we finished the project and all the specs. Now we just wait and hopefully we did well enough to help get my average grade back up.

In class, Dr. Downing showed us pure virtual functions, which was very useful for Life. He also began to show us Reflection. Unlike C++, Java has reflection built-in. So he introduced us to reflection by showing us how to use it in Java. As for C++, even though it isn't built-in, we can still twist its arms around to get it do something quite similar.

This week is now going to be our Thanksgiving break, and the following week is our second midterm. So already looking ahead, the class is very quickly coming to an end. So staying focused is a must even during the break.

Tip of the week: [The Computers Already in our Brains. ](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/plugging-your-brain-peter-diamandis) The reason that I wanted to share this is for a few reasons. But more importantly, it's because it's hard for me to fathom the connection from the material we learn in school to coming up with such innovations that we already have in this world. Computer scientists and engineers go from learning zero's and ones, to machine language, to C/C++, Java, and so forth to building powerful things like...smart phones. Seriously, like spaceships and MRI machines and now this idea of using the brain to control technology for our own health. It's amazing and scary at the same time. I can't imagine being apart of all of that. This is more of a personal thought but this is a blog so I feel comfortable. It's just a crazy world, ladies and gentlemen.
